# Phase-1-project
The name of this project is called "My drink" and it is a single page web application that uses a cocktail api which allows users to search our databse and keep track of their favorite drinks.  Some features on this app are the verification method, like and dislike buttons, and the ability to create drink cards of the drinks you have tried.  When the "My drink" app is opened, it displays the "Add a new drink!" button which then reveals the search input and image input.  The user then enters in their cocktail info into the required fields and when finished click the "Add drink" button.  Then, the search name is taken and ran through our cocktail database and tries to match the name the user entered to a name in the cocktail API.  If a match is found, the drink will display "verified" at the top of the card and use a image provided by the API.  If no match is found the card will still generate just with the users info.  The card is then created and displayed on the screen.  On the card is a like or dislike button when clicked will either say "You liked this drink!" or "You don't like this drink!" with the button last used disappearing only giving the user to option to switch from liked to disliked or vice versa.  If no info or only one field is submitted to the website an alert message will appear alerting the user that they are missing a required field on the input form.  When using this site, once the page loads click the add a drink button.  Once it is clicked, input your drinks name into the proper field along with your drinks saved image.  After, click the “add a drink” button and a card will appear showing the info of your drink.  If your drink matches a drink in our database it will display a “Verified” tagline in your card and show the database’s image of your drink it has on file.  When your card displays it will allow you to either like or dislike the image based on your preference of the drink!  Hope you enjoy it!

